IBX-9564: `ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes` described in Developer Documentation (#2626)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/templating/twig_function_reference/product_twig_functions.md

        <button type="button">Modify product data</button>
    </div>
{% endif %}
```

### `ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes`

> The `ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes` filter groups product attributes (configured in `ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes` filter groups product attributes based on the [attribute group](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/latest/pim/work_with_product_attributes/) they belong to. .
```

I'd mention what is used for the grouping - the attribute group. For the link: I didn't find a better mention of attribute groups in the doc. If you decide to use it, please use the `[[= user_doc ==]` variable.

> configured in `ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes`

I don't understand this part, I don't think there' any configuration?

> The `ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes` filter groups product attributes based on the [attribute group]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/work_with_product_attributes/) they belong to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes` filter groups product attributes based on the [attribute group]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/work_with_product_attributes/#create-attribute-groups) they belong to.
```
Sorry, I forgot to link to the specific section 🙈

#### Example

``` html+twig
{% for group, attributes in product.attributes | ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes %}

> {{ group.getIdentifier() }}:{{ attributes|map(attribute => attribute.getAttributeDefinition().getIdentifier())|join(' ') }}

Reviewer 2: Can we extend the example to render the full table with attributes ? This is the most common use case
